I'm sorry to disappoint you.
I don't want to inherit anything gradually and gradually
Why is that?
The world of architecture rules the world
How many people dream of a location?
Besides, grandpa owes you
Grandpa wants to compensate you.
Grandpa
I appreciate your kindness.
But
That's not my goal.
ambition is not here
What do you want to do?
Selling handwriting
Hahahaha
Weird thing, aren't you kidding grandpa?
Grandpa, I'm not kidding you.
These few days of life are for me
Just like Huang Liang's dream
I just want to live my life calmly
Don't you feel wronged then?
Of course not.
Setting up a stall now is different from setting up a stall before
Money can't help it.
Now I have money.
Rich life
Hahahaha
You're right, too.
You have the life you want
What grandpa forced on you may not be what you wanted
That being the case
Then you go
If you need anything in the future, you can come to Grandpa at any time.
Okay, I won't be polite.
Hahahaha
Honey, I'm back.
husband
Mom, you don't know yet
Mom, who is this?
That looks good
I'm working now, it's great in the morning.
Oh yeah, I already need to tell you.
I have refused
Aren't you going to be the owner of an insole pickup shop?
What are you doing?
Set up a stall to sell breakfast